bread this is even less visually
pleasing than the last night but but
whatever so I got a bee in my bonnet
about the flat FS thing and hoping other
performance for that could be better but
first I want to know how fast it can
really go so I wrote some very meta
benchmarks and this is meant to be a
blind research benchmark this is not
benchmarking our existing code because
that is complicated for various reasons
don't get too caught up on a bunch of
other details that are irrelevant and I
just want to know how fast is my file
system go flat out and so to accomplish
this I'm going to kind of decide track
of a product that is not production code
again kind of a similar thought the RFC
threat and so I wrote a new main thing
and I'm trying to just brutalize the
file system and see how it takes it and
so this is a ton of information that
comes out and I have not put these into
a nice graph yet but the kind of thing
that I want to get out is like okay with
this many files and 0 starting a mixing
into the random things takes a mini Mike
recipients with like two characters of
sharding
yeah she gets worse but this is what the
tiny number of files right so we need to
look at these graphs with four times as
many files and four times as many clouds
again at some point we hit a point of
inflection we're like carving two
characters is an obvious win and then I
kind of want to ask what if we shot and
the answer is less obvious to compare
but yeah this is the count asking for a
file system and so I run this in two
different file systems already because
my slash on this computer is ax t4 and
it is now not running on that fun story
I made a mistake yesterday slash
attendance is where one runs benchmarks
right and slash home if that's on the
same file system when you run out of my
notes you're gonna learn some things
that don't work well so now these
benchmarks are running on one of my ZFS
partitions and the behavior of some
things is unsurprisingly maybe but it's
like radically different so
operations is just not the same
also the colonel says calls for things
like pig directory tell me how big you
are
on ext4 that tells you how many bytes
are in all of the structures or
directory entries and is that a fast it
tells you how many entries that are
you've attracted totally not the same
thing at all like not the same number
zero it's not the same semantics so
that's a cool thing to be aware of and
ok write some probably experience
reports directories done exercises your
way yeah so that's what I learned so far
that's interesting
[Applause]
[Music]